Docs 6113 mq ui changes for november 2 release (#46)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-access-management.adoc

endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

Anypoint Platform enables you to manage the roles of users who administer the Anypoint MQ features in Anypoint Platform for your organization.

== Create an Environment

> Before you can give yourself Anypoint MQ access permissions, create an environment with which to associate permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you give yourself Anypoint MQ access permissions, create an environment with which to associate permissions.
```
OR
```suggestion
Before you can give yourself Anypoint MQ access permissions, you must create an environment with which to associate permissions.
```

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Access Management*
. Click *Environments* in the left menu, and click the *Add environment* button.

> . In the *Add environment* popup, provide a name for your environment, and click either *Production*, *Sandbox*, or *Design*. You might want to create separate environments for each. In this case, choose *Production*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Add environment* box, provide a name for your environment and click either *Production*, *Sandbox*, or *Design*. 
You might want to create separate environments for each. In this case, choose *Production*.
```
This must be a popup dialog box, right, if you can both type in it and click things in it?

Reviewer: This might be too fine a point, but I wonder if this text should be the following, so that the actual step we recommend is first:
```suggestion
. In the *Add environment* box, provide a name for your environment and click *Production*.
You can also add a sandbox environment and a design environment. You might want to create separate environments for each. 
```
Just to be clear, the user CANNOT name an environment and then make it more than one type? So this can bew one step, or two steps, or three steps, if the user wants all three? Why do we have to specify that "You might want to create separate environments for each, if you MUST do so?

To assign user permissions:

. From Anypoint Platform, click *Access Management*.
. Click *Users* in the left menu.

> . Click a user name value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click a user name.
```

. Click *MQ* and set an environment and permissions:
+
.The screenshot shows the *MQ* tab, the blue plus icon, and the delete icon used for adding and deleting permissions to an environment.
image::mq-acc-mgmt-user-detail.png[*MQ* tab]

> . Click the drop-down list and select an item from the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click and select an item from the menu.
```

+
For permissions, you can click *Select all* to set all permissions, or *Select none* to erase previously clicked settings.

> . Click the blue plus icon to add the selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the blue plus icon (+) to add the selection.
```

+
The selected environment and permissions appear below the drop-down list.
+
You can delete items from this list by clicking the delete icon.

== Create an Admin Role

You can create a role that you can apply to other users in your organization.
While you don't need roles to complete the tutorial, when you use Anypoint MQ as an administrator or developer, you should create roles for users in your organization who use Anypoint MQ.

> Creating a role lets you assign access rights to users in your organization, such as for administrators, developers, or users who only view information but don't change it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a role enables you to assign access rights to users in your organization, such as administrators, developers, or users (who only view information but don't change it).
```

. From Anypoint Platform, click *Access Management*.
. Click *Roles* in the left menu, and then click the *Add Role* button.
. Name the role `Admin Role` and click the *Add role* button.
. Click *Admin Role* and click the *MQ* tab.

> . From the *Environment* drop-down, select *Production*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Environment* menu, select *Production*.
```
GLOBALLY replace "drop-down" with "menu," assuming that our audience is familiar with what a drop-down menu looks like. Avoids using an adjective as a noun as well.

> . From the *Permissions* drop-down, select *Select all*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Permissions* menu, select *Select all*.
```

> . Click the blue plus icon to add the selections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the blue plus icon (+) to add the selections.
```

+
Anypoint Platform displays your settings.

The settings are:

> * *Clear destinations*:

Reviewer: GLOBALLY omit the colons following the list items, because their subordinate descriptions are clearly followup, visually.
```suggestion
* *Clear destinations*
```

+
Same privileges as *View destinations*, plus permission to purge messages

> * *Manage clients*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Manage clients*
```

+
Same privileges as *View clients*, plus permission to create client apps

> * *Manage destinations*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Manage destinations*
```

+
Same privileges as *View destinations* and *Clear destinations*, plus permission to:
** Create new queues and message exchanges
** Edit existing queues and message exchange settings
** Access *Message Sender* and *Browser* pages
** Delete messages

> * *View clients*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *View clients*
```

+

> View all client apps and the client App IDs and client secrets for each client app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View all client apps, as well as the client app IDs and client secrets for each client app
```

> * *View destinations*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *View destinations*
```

+

> View all destinations and each destination's settings (*ID*, *Type*, *Message TTL*,and *Message Lock Default TTL*). View *In Queue* messages and *In Flight* messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View all destinations and each destination's settings (*ID*, *Type*, *Message TTL*, and *Message Lock Default TTL*). View *In Queue* messages and *In Flight* messages.
```

== Add Other Roles for Anypoint MQ Access

After you create an admin role, you can optionally create other roles for users in your organization who need Anypoint MQ access in Anypoint Platform.

. From Anypoint Platform, click *Access Management*.
. Click *Roles* in the left menu, and then click the *Add Role* button.
. Enter the role name and description, and click *Add role*.
. In the list of roles, click the name of the role you just created.
. Click the *MQ* tab and set an environment and permissions. 
+
.The screenshot shows the *MQ* tab, the blue plus icon, and the delete icon used for adding and deleting permissions to an environment.
image::mq-acc-mgmt-user-detail.png[*MQ* tab]

> . Click the drop-down list and select an item from the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click and select an item from the menu.
```

+
For permissions, you can click *Select all* to set all permissions, or *Select none* to erase previously clicked settings.

> . Click the blue plus icon to add the selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the blue plus icon (+) to add the selection.
```

+
The selected environment and permissions appear below the drop-down list.
+
You can delete items from this list by clicking the delete icon.

> You can delete a role from the *Roles* page by clicking the checkbox for an entry, clicking the *Delete role* button, then confirming the deletion by clicking *Yes, delete*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete a role from the *Roles* page by selecting the checkbox for an entry, clicking the *Delete role* button, and then confirming the deletion by clicking *Yes, delete*.
```
"Select" and "unselect" checkboxes
Do not use ", then" as a conjunction, without "and"

== Switch Environments

To switch environments:

> . From Anypoint Platform, click *MQ*, and then click *Design*.

Reviewer: Could also be...:
```suggestion
. From Anypoint Platform, click *MQ* > *Design*.
```

+
.The arrow shows the environment button for switching environments.
image::mq-switch-env.png[Environment button]

> . In the *Switch Environment* popup, switch a different environment or change your default environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Switch Environment* box, switch to a different environment or change your default environment:
```

> ** To switch to a different environment, click the name of that environment, for example, *Sandbox* if you previously created a Sandbox environment, and then click *Switch*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** To switch to a different environment, click the name of that environment (for example, *Sandbox*, if you previously created a sandbox environment) and then click *Switch*.
```

> ** To change your default environment, click *Open your profile to change the default environment* and choose a different environment from the *Default* environment drop-down list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** To change your default environment, click *Open your profile to change the default environment* and choose a different environment from the *Default* environment list.
```
